consider the time you spend in cars
short trips long journeys traffic jams
what happens to the myriad random
thoughts you have as you gaze out of the
window
the ideas that combust and tick over in
your internal suggestion engine your
subconscious well ideas are energy and
energy never does a motor skyward into
the Imagi sphere revved up with are we
there yet anticipation melded together
they form an escape route paved with
exhilarating opportunities and
ever-expanding the ruler of challenges
with rewards beyond any earthly
aspiration
it's a Boulevard of broken dreams a
reality
built on fantasy a place you can put
your imagination pedal to the metal in a
contest of camera dolly and creativity
sackful start your cerebral engines for
this is LittleBigPlanet karting
the Imagi sphere is the energy that
binds little big planet and all its
moons and satellites together a force so
powerful even the negative it ron could
not bend crack or deplete it but it
needs a guardian
it needs a caretaker it needs you a
dyed-in-the-wool LittleBigPlanet an
adventurer a stern focused and igg magic
hero LittleBigPlanet is once again under
threat this time from the greedy
grabbing hold the Horde scavenge and
collect prizes materials and objects but
never use these treasures to create and
share all they want to do is keep to
staff to form no sack friend your little
legs may be perfectly knitted but even
they are no match for the Horde and
their rag-and-bone races this is a
battle to be fought in a different arena
our racetrack you need some wheels my
child
ah commandeer that car and make it your
own
quickly young settings put the pedal to
the metal we know you'll take this
mission seriously semi seriously
crikey and anyone for driving lessons